meta: Update changelog for 7.19.0 (#6186)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: CHANGELOG.md

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 7.19.0

This release adds a new SDK, [@sentry/opentelemetry-node](./packages/opentelemetry-node/),
which is available as an alpha release to integrate OpenTelemetry performance tracing with Sentry.
Give it a try and let us know if you have any feedback or problems with using it. (#6000)

> - chore(deps): bump socket.io-parser from 4.0.4 to 4.0.5 (#6178)

Reviewer: we can remove this item, it's not user facing.

> - feat(node): allow keepAlive override (#6161)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat(node): Allow keepAlive override (#6161)
```

> - feat(node): allow keepAlive override (#6161)

Reviewer 2: for consistency 

```suggestion
- feat(node): Allow keepAlive override (#6161)
```

- feat(tracing): Add `transaction.setContext` method (#6154)
- feat(tracing): Allow to set `instrumenter` on Span & Transaction (#6136)
- fix(integrations): Remove erroneous WINDOW exports (#6185)
- fix(react): Guard against non-error obj in ErrorBoundary (#6181)
- perf(core): Prevent creation of new contexts object on scope (#6156)

> - ref(tracing): Deprecate `tracingOrigins` (#6176)

Reviewer: should we add a migration note about `tracingOrigins` in `MIGRATION.md`?

Author: I added a section above in the changelog, as well as in the MIGRATION.md. Let me know if I should rephrase that somehow.

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 7.19.0

This release adds a new SDK, [@sentry/opentelemetry-node](./packages/opentelemetry-node/),
which is available as an alpha release to integrate OpenTelemetry performance tracing with Sentry.
Give it a try and let us know if you have any feedback or problems with using it. (#6000)

>  ### Deprecation for `tracingOrigins` added

Reviewer: we typically don't include headers in the changelog, I think you can remove the here.

>  ### Deprecation for `tracingOrigins` added
> 
>  The `tracingOrigins` option is deprecated in favor of using `shouldCreateSpanForRequest` and `tracePropagationTargets`.

Reviewer 2: l: I think we can shorten this a little but no strong feelings if we leave it as is
```suggestion
This release also deprecates the `tracingOrigins` option in favor of using `shouldCreateSpanForRequest` and `tracePropagationTargets`.
```
